fix: Send attachments through iOS browser (#34846)
RocketChat/Rocket.Chat: .changeset/clean-sloths-greet.md

---
"@rocket.chat/meteor": patch
---

> Fix send attachments option when using rocket.chat from an iOS browser moving the option outside from composer dropdown menu.

Reviewer: https://developer.rocket.chat/v1/docs/development-workflow#branching-and-pull-requests
```suggestion
Fixes the send attachments option not working on iOS browsers by moving it from the composer dropdown menu to the composer primary actions.
```
